feat: add a temporary upgrade path page (#46)
Ultramarine-Linux/wiki: src/content/docs/en/release/upgrade-to-ultramarine-40.mdx

## Pantheon Edition

The Pantheon upgrade path isn't ready yet.
While all of the required packages are in the UM and Terra repositories, the Pantheon desktop enviroment is broken for a variety of reasons.
We are currently working with upstream and other partners to resolve this, but it's possible that Pantheon may be skipped, deprecated, or defered until mid-cycle.

> If you are interested in contributing to Ultramarine Pantheon, please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/5fdPuxTg5Q) or [Matrix[](https://matrix.to/#/#hub:fyralabs.com) and let us know!

Reviewer: say something like "our chats" and link the community page instead of the disc and matrix links

Author: can you add a suggestion?

Author: jade, add it as a suggestion in GitHub

Reviewer: the only option is edit directly?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in contributing to Ultramarine Pantheon, please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/5fdPuxTg5Q) or [Matrix[](https://matrix.to/#/#hub:fyralabs.com) and let us know!
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in contributing to Ultramarine Pantheon, please join [our chats](en/community/community) and let us know!
```
